[Music]
hay has gone Dave TD here so Asus
announced two new laptops today they're
zephyrus s as well as the 17-inch Strix
two so the Zephyrs s is their thinnest
gaming laptop they've ever made it's
remarkably thin it's fifteen point seven
millimeters thick so last year we had
the zephyrus like the regular zephyrus
and we saw devices from Acer like the
Triton 700 which were really thin those
were like 18 19 millimeters thick this
thing is fifteen point seven it feels
noticeably thinner so the design is
similar in the sense that it's got like
the same kind of design language as the
other Zephyrus models and it's made
really well so we've changed a few
things it has an aluminum bottom panel
so the original Zephyrus had a plastic
one I don't know if I like the metal it
feels more premium it looks more premium
but when you actually use it the metal
plate still has a little bit of flex so
I'm not sure if they did for engineering
reasons or marketing reasons or
aesthetics but it is a metal plate on
the bottom this year so when you open it
up inside the biggest change is actually
the screen the original Sepphoris had
some pretty thick bezels these are
significantly thinner and the panel has
improved its a 144 Hertz 3 millisecond
screen it's fast it's smooth it's a
really nice looking screen I think it
has a 100%
srgb I would this is an engineering
sample right so I wasn't able to run the
full gamut of tests that I'd like to but
it's a good-looking screen the webcam
still up at the top which is nice and
there's a chin I don't love the fact
there's a chin but you know if I'm gonna
have a bezel anywhere I prefer it on the
bottom other than the top and the sides
but there is a chin if you'll notice the
whole keyboard is shifted down again so
the original Zephyrs had a keyboard
layout like this where the keyboards on
the bottom and the track pads on the
right and it's something that you just
have to get used to it looks really
weird and in terms of usability
everyone's gonna be a little different I
personally have no issues using a
keyboard like this the trackpad is not
in an ideal position like if you're
left-handed you're screwed but even for
right-handed people it's not the best
location it's not so much the
positioning for me it's the fact that I
don't like my trackpad having no kind of
like rests like a wrist rest for it but
my keyboard I'm ok with the keyboard
actually feels like a regular desktop
keyboard like if you have one of those
small compact keyboards where the keys
are buttered up right to the edge of the
chassis it feels like that at least for
me but
everyone's gonna be a little bit
different now the reason why they do
this the reason why they have this
entire shift in the first place just
like the originals efforts is they're
trying to optimize cooling for the
components at the top so when you shift
it down like this you can put your
thermal solution directly on top of the
hottest stuff like your CPU and GPU you
can cool it more aggressively but it
does require to shift it down like this
so the thermal solution they're using
this year has slightly thinner blades
and more blades which is supposed to
help with cooling it down and it also
has that lift like when you lift the the
laptop screen that hinge lifts up to
kind of increase air flow I always
wondered if this was some kind of
gimmick the truth is I'll never be able
to tell I'm not a engineer but my guess
is that if you're opening a hole on the
side of the device like this how can it
not help with thermals right I I think
it's a good thing I was able to run 3d
mark a couple times on this and the
thermals are really good it is just an
engineering sample and I was expecting
it to throttle a little bit
none of it I mean if they're able to
cool something like this this thin then
I feel like other companies should be
able to do the same thing biggest
disadvantage I see with this thing now
is the battery size it's a 50 watt our
battery wasn't able to run any tests on
it but logic would dictate that this is
probably what a four hour battery at
best so if you need for the full day
you'll have to bring a charger with you
but yeah super thin gaming laptop that
honestly has no real compromises and
that's that's a nice product pricing I'm
not sure maybe my guess is like two
grand maybe a little bit less comes in a
10 70 max Q version and we talked about
the graphics card but it's a 10 70 max Q
and you can think you can get a 10 60
variant for a little bit less but that's
that okay Strix to 17-inch real quick I
did a review of the 15 inch model love
that device one of the best cool devices
on the market right now for that 15 inch
kind of mid to your premium segment it's
not cheap but it's made really really
well I mean these are built they're
built to last I think that's the big
thing about the Strix devices like their
gaming laptops but they're built a
little bit better than a lot of the
other devices they cost a little bit
more but you're getting some premium
components this device I think the thing
that makes it special is the 17 inch 144
Hertz three millisecond screen so I
think it's the first of its kind really
fast really smooth like if you're into
competitive gaming and you have to use a
laptop this is like a it's a nice screen
for that good laptop I haven't really
used it much
obviously these are both and
samples but that's basically at two
devices from Asus that I think are
pretty interesting ones particularly
this thing I would I would consider
using this as my daily I mean once the
review units come in I'll check it out
give a more thorough examination on it
but I like it
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs you loved it
see you guys next time